Update index.mdx (#23936)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/google-tag-gateway/index.mdx

---

Google tag gateway for advertisers allows website owners using Cloudflare as a CDN to get the most out of ad measurement tools with just a few clicks. It allows you to deploy Google scripts using your own domain, enhancing data privacy and improving signal measurement recovery. Unlike standard setups where tags are requested from a Google domain, Google tag gateway for advertisers loads the tag from your domain and sends measurement events to your domain, where they are forwarded to Google.

Learn more about why we built it and how it works in our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/google-tag-gateway-for-advertisers/).

## Get started

> Site owners can enable this feature in one of two ways: through the Google tag console, or via the Cloudflare dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Site owners can enable this feature in one of two ways: through the Google Tag Manager, or through [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login). 
```
Check me that this is correct

### Configure Google tag gateway for advertisers in the Google tag console

> Setting this up [directly in Google Tag Manager](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/16061641) is the fastest way to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fastest way to set up Google tag gateway for advertisers is in Google Tag Manager. [Follow the steps in Google's Help Center](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/16061641).
```
Good to make it clear where the link is leading (ie the Help Center, not the Tag Manager). However, we could link directly to the Tag Manager as well?

6. Once you click **Save**, Google tag gateway for advertisers will be enabled on your zone. If you already have a GTM script on your website, this First Party Tag will override the existing script.

Now that you have authenticated into your Cloudflare account and configured GTM in first-party mode, your Google Tags will be loaded using `https://your-domain/measurement-path/...`and subsequent measurement requests will be served by Cloudflare.

> ## Related resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related resources
```

- [Google Developer Docs: Set up Google tag gateway for advertisers](https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/tag-manager/gateway/setup-guide?setup=auto)

> - [Google Tag Manager Help: Set up Google tag gateway for advertisers in the Google tag with Cloudflare](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/16061406)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Google Help Center: Set up Google tag gateway for advertisers in the Google tag with Cloudflare](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/16061406)
- [Google Help Center: Set up Google tag gateway for advertisers in Google Tag Manager with Cloudflare](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/16061641)
```
I know we link to this earlier, but might as well add here too
